hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast a production of
neonewstoday.com
i'm your host dylan grabowski
one of our goals with the smart economy
podcast is to offer series that are
dedicated to major topics and trends
through interviews with builders from
across the blockchain industry
the inaugural series focused on dows
the second focused on d5
in our third series will focus on women
in blockchain
for this series we interviewed some of
the most interesting women working in
various industries that are building
within and across blockchain ecosystems
today the women in blockchain series
will feature representatives from the
insurance
health
education and vc sectors
and discuss how blockchain technology
and cryptocurrencies are integrated into
the work they do each of these
interviews brought a fresh and unique
perspective
as well as discussed the opportunities
and constraints of diversity within the
blockchain space
i hope you gain as much insight from
these conversations as i did
in episode one of the women in
blockchain series i chat with danielle
wall elliott the coo at names
and former director of operations at the
shapeshift non-custodial exchange
names is seeking to build the world's
leading fully regulated marketplace for
on-chain insurance
the team aims to develop a single
location for the creation of insurance
programs
the raising and trading of capital
the writing of risk
and the payment rails for premium and
claim transactions
in this conversation danielle and i
discuss her background and time at
shapeshift
the decentralization of shapeshift as a
corporation
how the cryptocurrency space has changed
since 2014
the insurance industry becoming more
digital the types of clients names seeks
to insure first
the inclusivity that cryptocurrency
inherently offers
and much more
just a reminder
nothing said on this podcast is a
solicitation to buy or sell any tokens
that nothing should be taken as
financial advice
and that the hoster guests may hold
tokens discussed in any given episode
with that said i really enjoyed chatting
with danielle and i hope you enjoy the
conversation
[Music]
hey guys dylan with the smart economy
podcast today we are joined by danielle
wall elliott
how are you doing today danny hey doing
good excited to be on
yeah i'm super excited to have you join
the pod you're the second shape-shift
alumni i guess at this point that's
joining
are you still participating in the dow
or no i
now that i have my new role i really was
trying to be a good support in that
transition from centralized entity to
the dao
i'm still an advisor for the centralized
company
so random questions pop up
i'll answer them try to help as best i
can uh just having that long term
history and and knowledge of you know
where the bodies are buried
so
still a big fan of what they're doing
and keeping up with them and big fox fan
fox fam but yeah i'm working on my new
project now so that's really nice to
start something new cool before we get
into all of that when i was digging
around your past a little bit i noticed
that we both went to school in the
southeast i went to florida state you
went to auburn and we both studied
subject matter that doesn't necessarily
pertain to what we're doing today
so
i guess to start off the pod what what's
kind of your background educational
early work experience and
how did you
end up in the crypto space yeah that's a
great great intro my name is danielle
wall elliott i am from north carolina
since i was in like third grade if you
asked me what i wanted to do i wanted to
be the president i really thought that
like politics was my calling i like
organizing people i like having
you know a position that gives me the
opportunity to affect change so did a
lot of volunteering in different
political campaigns you know as a
teenager
decided to go to auburn university and
study political science
i
interned in dc for a senator for a
congressman
gave tours of the capitol you know just
really deep in it and then just about my
junior senior year kind of realized
through that experience like these
people don't have their own opinions
they have a fact sheet that's given to
them every morning
here's the votes that are up for debate
here's how you should vote you know and
anything that was coming in i was
working in different republican offices
so anything that came in from the
democrat side literally went straight
into the recycling bin i always joke
like well at least they were recycling
um
but
uh yeah so it just kind of felt very
much like that thing that i wanted and
what i was searching for making change
or making progress just wasn't going to
happen if i
went down that path of politics
so
my senior year i found this guy mike
donovan he was running for governor of
colorado as an independent and he was
very much into austrian economics and
just just overall freedom and just small
things so he was the mayor of glendale
colorado and he
allowed his dispensaries to be open
later than all of the denver
dispensaries you know he allowed the
strip club that his wife owned to be
open later than all the strip clubs in
denver so it's just small uh wins for
liberty and then i actually went to
liberty on the rocks which is like a
libertarian meetup
and met my
now family and they kind of challenged
my beliefs they challenged who i was as
a person you know they told me they
didn't vote they told me they didn't
believe in governments in general and
i'm like what who are you people but
through that through reading you know
economics from one lesson by henry
haslet by reading just some subscribing
to some of the austrian economic beliefs
um i kind of realized like okay
there is potentially a way to
create change and move forward without
participating in this like left versus
right red versus blue and then yeah they
introduced me into crypto i bought my
first bitcoin in 2014
with my rent money
at the time
and pretty much have never been the same
since uh so i worked a little in the
cannabis industry
doing some operations and helping the
company i was working for
past like regulatory applications and
get licenses
kind of trying to find my space
and then i had a few friends from liver
down the rocks eric voorhees co-founder
of shapeshift and my friend megan who is
running support and basically
like please let me work there please
i'll do anything i'll do anything so i
started as support there
and you know was their 12th employee
back in 2016 and just grew with the
company and matured and really found my
spot in operations which makes perfect
sense of like who i am and you know what
i want to be and the rest is history i
think we've talked about this in the
past but uh it was because of the
shape-shift exchange in 2017
that i got my first exposure outside of
bitcoin into altcoins and that was when
i got my first neo
and
understood a little bit about what that
technology was and then started
correcting misinformation online
levered that into becoming the job that
i have now outside of this podcast which
is writing about neo so um it's always
uh really awesome to be able to have
friends that are at or were at
shapeshift because
that was kind of like my orange pill or
green pill for neo yeah well and you
know shapeshift just had such a
foundation and a you know with eric
setting the tone for
liberty for you know doing right by
people not taking data as much as
possible
having self-custody options out there
for people especially in crypto you know
we just had a great north star in him
and you know what he was believing and
it really translated through the company
and so yeah i love love my shapeshift
fam
so you joined in 2014 and you were a
little bit degenerate spending your rent
money on bitcoin
i think a lot of people can relate with
uh being degenerate on something that
they
first come to learn about and fall in
love with
but what was the the vision or the the
ethos of the cryptocurrency space back
then because
even by the time i got in in 2017 the
narrative was the institutions are
coming so we were well
on the the path to seeing blockchain and
crypto become an industry in and of
itself but in 2014 you know that was two
years after mount gox
i think when you started working wasn't
there like either a bear market or just
kind of like a long sideways market
so what was the conviction yeah so 2014
i got into it and
you know what i remember the most about
that is
we literally thought people would be
buying their coffees with bitcoin like
that is what like people thought it
would kind of replace the dollar
and i think like that has completely
shifted and over you know the last even
in probably 2017 it was it was different
the emergence of stable coins also makes
that like pretty irrelevant like no one
wants to use their digital gold to buy
coffee but that was definitely
ethos back then like that's what i heard
a lot of and i would get really
frustrated with my friends with the
people that were in the space because
they would not spend their bitcoin
but they were like expecting other
people too so they saw it as this huge
store of value they really wanted to
be long term on it but they were kind of
expecting other people to use it and
then i also i mean i think i just
realized early on like for me
i was able to buy one it was very cheap
it was pretty inexpensive that whole
number really stuck with me
and then as i've been trying to get
family or friends involved in the future
they can't get over that whole number
piece and so like buying a fraction of a
bitcoin so that was also when i kind of
realized like okay
bitcoin you're not going to be our
currency of choice but you will be this
you know store value you'll set the tone
you'll be the og the godfather of the
industry and then of course like
ethereum coming out
building on top of ethereum you realize
like okay yeah that's right like bitcoin
replaces gold
ethereum replaces banks
and so
have
your concepts or ideologies of what
bitcoin was when you first got into the
space in 2014 have they held true over
the past eight years how have they
changed or adapted one big misconception
that i had was just that it was
anonymous
you know people using it to the first
time i'd ever heard of it was in college
people are using it to buy drugs on silk
road it felt very kind of
i i don't even want to say black market
but like
super super fringe like how am i ever
going to get my mom my grandma you know
anyone to to participate
and so yeah i think
just learning learning how it actually
works learning about tools like analysis
and knowing 100 you are not anonymous
like they probably know exactly who you
are
so those you know just maturing with the
technology understanding it better and
kind of trying to fight some of those
initial stereotypes they had about being
like you know for criminals
for
people that wanted to hide um and when
you can debunk that and say well they
can't hide you know it's all trackable
it's transparent traceable you know that
really allows you to
be a more mature investment and have
people take you more seriously i think
yeah and finally by the time people were
able to buy coffee with their bitcoin it
was through like a partnership of a
third party app with starbucks so it had
to have been the most underwhelming kind
of win ever yeah absolutely absolutely
and yeah i mean you know even now i have
my my coinbase card you know i'm like oh
i'm at the pump and i'm paying for my
gas with my crypto but like it doesn't
feel any different but that is what is
supposed to happen and that's where
we'll get that massive option
so what's your perspective of what
bitcoin's role is in
the world today uh moving forward is it
pretty much along the lines of what you
originally thought digital gold i think
so and i think it just sets the standard
of you know having a set supply
showing what that can do and showing how
the value can continue to go up because
it has this really set supply because
you can see more and more people more
and more addresses holding it
you know for me i'm definitely more into
ethereum right now just because it's
this money legos it's like something
just to build on top of and build and
build and build and ics i got really
inspired by you know vitalik
saying like let's not just innovate on
things that make us money like let's
actually try to change the world so i'm
definitely more into that right now but
i think
just in general bitcoin sets the
standard it sets the tone
it did it right it's simple and that's
all it needs to be it doesn't need to we
don't need to like build all the things
on top of it and yeah i'm definitely not
any kind of like maxie i think like all
chains will exist every time i'm on a
panel they ask that like
what chain's gonna win it's like no
you're missing the point like there'll
be something that's built on top where
you can access all the chains like
that's the future have you been uh green
pilled by kevin owaki and git coin i
have of course yeah every time i see him
i'm like yo give me that tic tac bud
i think he's doing a great job of
promoting
the idea of
solving other problems other than you
know traditional finance or making a new
ets that's crypto and so i really
appreciate what he's doing for the space
yeah he's really bringing this public
goods kind of conversation to the front
and helping people realize that there's
a lot more than just number go up and my
wallet get bigger
exactly so you were at shape shift for a
minute basically like five years yep
almost six years yeah at the end there
almost six years and what was uh the
vibe like
before and after ethereum because
beforehand it's like
you're trading what like dash and these
other coins that were just copy paste
code
darkcoin dogecoin litecoin just like all
bitcoin clones basically
yeah i mean it wasn't
overnight
by any means but when you look back and
reflect on it it feels like that but
yeah i mean for most of fake spiff's
history it was just bitcoin and ethereum
even though we supported hundreds of
coins you know that was always about 90
of our volume
you know even at its launch it wasn't
it wasn't d5 there wasn't a bunch of
projects being built on it but it still
had this kind of like vibe oh it's new
what can we do with this
and do you think where we're at today
exceeded what you thought could happen
are things happening oh yeah for sure
without a doubt i mean like i wish i had
a crystal ball and could have thought of
all these things ahead of time
i mean even when
when eric and john you know announced
like oh we're going to turn into a down
damn why didn't i think about that like
why i wish i had that idea yeah and it
seems so simple when someone says it out
loud but it was a really big
revolutionary idea especially at the
time when we
said it and thought it and had to plan
it out had to plan how do you lay off
your whole staff and how do you buy your
company out with the assets on your
balance sheet so looking back you're
always like wow that was that seemed
like duh everyone's gonna do this but at
the time it it's all so new i mean
you're just trying to keep up it's a
like drinking out of a fire hydrant you
are just trying to keep up with like
what is currently happening
and then potentially maybe your
brainstorming of like the future you're
thinking ahead yeah and so the dow was
announced last year and effectively took
shape this year
would you say that that's a direct
correlation with the kyc that shapeshift
had to enforce in
2018-19
because of looming potential
legal issues and to make sure that
everybody stayed out of jail or do you
think this conversation
would have happened anyways just maybe a
little bit longer maybe a little longer
but yeah i think you know i have some
facts here that i used in one of my
previous presentations it's like
shapeshift process 6 billion dollars in
volume you know from january 2017 to
april 2021
but most of that was before kyc kyc
comes around
and we go from on our best days doing 50
million dollars 75 million dollar volume
days to like we could barely get 5 000
in volume when we had to start taking
kyc it just wasn't us like i said we had
this like super clear brand identity
we knew where we were going and so it
became
you know became hard for
our employees who
did not want to take people's
information but to kind of be forced to
do it it's still better than shutting
down is still better than not having a
job you know so we just tried to
still provide this self-custody
exchange which is very important to us
you know still there's a moment of trust
in between we call it a crypto vending
machine so send in your onecoin we'll
send out the other but yeah it became
different we tried to okay well what are
the other
value adds that we can do okay so now we
have a fiat on an off-ramp then we
started to integrate uh different
hardware wallets so it was like this
one-stop place to view your entire
portfolio plug in your ledger plug in
your keeps you plug in your trezor have
your software wallet so what what kind
of value could we add and then
you know this aha moment comes
where we realized
generally shapeshift
would have the exchange accounts on
behalf of the customers so we had an
account at all the major exchanges
we would on the back end you know make
the trades
so we touched all the crypto so
what's the solution to not touch the
crypto
and then the emergence of dexes came out
and it was like oh wow this could really
help us but like i mentioned earlier
our main
90 of our trades was bitcoin to eat that
eats to bitcoin so having it just dex
didn't give our customers the full
experience that they would have expected
from us
so
enter chat door chain and so once we
were able to
have both door chain which we launched
with them on day 1
and 0x index aggregator
we could offer the same exact services
the users didn't know any difference but
now should have got out of the trading
game can you just share real quick like
an eli five of what thor chain is
yeah so thor chain
is a cross cross-chain decentralized
exchange and i feel like it's the most
underrated project in crypto i always
say that i'm always saying oh yeah units
working and people are like no i don't
what how
we're talking a lot about like the past
and
what people were talking about people
were so hardcore like atomic swaps
atomic swaps when we can get the chains
to talk to each other that's going to be
the future and so
when door chain came out they got the
chance to talk to each other literally
is decentralized i thought oh my god
this project is going to like take over
everyone's going to take notice and
that's that's kind of part of being in
crypto for a long time too is you
realize nothing's overnight nothing's
instant like you need to grind you need
to prove yourself and that's what
they're doing right now and so yeah they
allow you to connect seamlessly between
different chains which
other people are not doing that so then
yeah shapeshift has
access to all this trading functionality
they can get out of the trading business
and then basically they just took that a
step further and realized
we can get out of the business business
as well
and uh become a dow so when shapeshift
uh decoratized and became a dow there
were a lot of different projects and
assets under management you had keepkey
coincap the exchange or the website
itself the engineers that were working
on the back end
so what was the process like for
juggling all this as a corporation
and then deciding who's gonna take
ownership over what as you guys became
more decentralized yeah i mean we had a
great team of lawyers our finance team
they did all the heavy lifting to make
sure that we could shut down all the
entities pay everyone out appropriately
so that's i mean that's a huge part of
it
also just
untying any investments any other
projects so
they spun up a foundation the foundation
is not meant to
last a very long time but definitely
help in that transition
shopped around for buyers for the
different projects that we had i know
keepkey was actually purchased by you
know a former employee and someone
that's working with the dow and they've
teamed up with the dow to continue that
project on which is really cool another
thing that shapeshift had was a bunch of
validators on different chains
so had a former employee
you know put a proposal to the dow
they took over the validators you know
and they split the profits with the dow
so a lot of synergy is still existing
with a lot of the things that we were
doing and yeah some of them are
i think you know still looking for some
buyers and still trying to just unwind
some investments and and get everything
settled it's definitely not the flick of
a switch for sure yeah and so
you
kind of had to transition out of this
role when you were working for shape
shift
and i guess the dow is perfect because
you can kind of choose to donate or work
on whatever project you want and give
how much time you want but you've also
since migrated to a new role at name so
as we're transitioning from shape shift
to names
what was that like i guess that maybe
six month period while you're like oh
i'm losing my corporate job but i'm fine
with it i'll start looking for another
role
you also had been at shapeshift for six
years so like maybe you can take a
breather in between what was that kind
of like break like and how did you still
participate in shape shift but also put
your feelers out for new positions
yeah so
shapeshift did three rounds of layoffs
as the best term for it and we try to be
really strategic with who we let go
first
so that they could
go and join the dow and set up the dow
and so like you see like marketing and
some product people going first okay now
they can set up this foundation of the
dow there's work streams we need to
elect work stream leaders next up was
the largest piece and that was like
engineers okay they know their date so
it's like august 31st october 31st and
then the final few december 31st so we
gave ourselves plenty of time to have a
lot of crossover so we're able to so i
was able to really help with that
foundation of the dow like seeing the
first few proposals go through you know
willie
he is so instrumental in coming up with
that foundation and giving us a
framework and a guideline to like follow
and go after and so we had it so much
easier than any of these other dowels
that are brand new because we knew how
to work with each other we knew what
departments owned what we came in with
such a foundation so i actually think
like
so smart the way that it was done you
know hats off to willy and john and eric
and that transition
and yeah i mean it's kind of weird
though because also you know in july
i kind of knew that i was losing my job
in december
and
you know almost being with shapeshift
for six years
it was part of my identity as part of
who i was and
it has felt really cool and freeing in a
way to go start something new yeah i got
reached out from a recruiter and i was
just like insurance
i don't know about that
but it was the right role
and so you know met their team
immediately felt like i'm on this team
like i can be a great contributor here
so
moving over
to names names is a
marketplace fully regulated marketplace
for on-chain crypto native insurance
at the beginning
we want to
allow like regulated brokers
underwriters we call them sponsors to
run these individualized balance sheets
of insurance risk on our on our platform
and find
alternative capital types so you know
right now these same people they only
have the traditional capital that most
other insurance is going after you know
we're trying to have a crypto native
version of that so hopefully
someone that has bitcoin can come in put
up the capital for this sell as we call
them and capitalize say bitcoin mining
insurance and so this person comes up
with a business plan they say you know
we want to
uh ensure bitcoin miners up to 50
bitcoin
they can come on our marketplace and
find that you know matching 50 bitcoin
to team up and and to run that so
and for us
we are fully collateralized for this
first year that's something that we
really wanted to do just to make sure
everything's like working right our
smart contracts are are all good the
business model makes sense and then
we'll do leverage business after that
yeah and so i think we're kind of seeing
a massive unwind of degenerate leverage
at the institutional level yeah was this
something that you had kind of
envisioned would be an issue
i don't want to name any names but it
seems like some
funds got a little bit overzealous and
went very leveraged and now they can't
make their margin calls
and insurance is supposed to be a super
safe industry right so how do you
balance the volatility of crypto as it
is
with incorporating this into an
insurance marketplace
yeah i'll say first the names team when
i joined
they had done such a great job at the
foundation and
really just
went through the process of deciding how
to be cautious and how to do everything
above board we are not just trying to
find djinns to give insurance to we are
trying to transform the insurance and
the reinsurance market overall we do not
see this as being just crypto related
insurance you know we see this as
everything we shoot this as the future
we would like to replace lloyds of
london
lloyd's london just required digital
forms like two years ago sorry lloyd's
you're not going to make it like
you need to advance way faster than that
so it's not just that we have the crypto
native piece uh for the collateral
as well they did a program their first
program and it was one bitcoin of
coverage and over that time you know
went from 15 thousand to forty thousand
so it proved the model if had that
person been insured for fifteen thousand
dollars
and something happened
towards the end of it you know they
wouldn't get their full value out but it
being native in bitcoin they're going to
end up with a bitcoin at the end of it
if they need the insurance at the end of
the day
and maybe let's just take a step back
because i didn't know until we spoke
recently what floyd's of london is or
really i mean i've
as part of jobs i've had i've had to
participate in the insurance that was
presumably bought off of a marketplace
but what is an insurance marketplace and
what is floyd's of london and why are
they so prominent yeah well employees of
london has been around for over 300
years
and they started as a group of
uh ship owners
someone ship went down and they decided
to get together and all cover the one
ship rather than let the one guy take
the hit and those were
names
n-a-m-e-s
and so that's a little nod to where
names n-a-y-m-s gets its name
and yeah i mean
if you don't know about insurance which
i'm new to the industry as well
but there's a secondary market for
insurance so you and i
we have our health care we have our
dental we have all these things but the
insurance company doesn't just cover
that they don't just you know let that
sit as a liability on their insurance
balance sheet they go out and find
capital to either match it or like we
had mentioned potentially leveraged
so
i'll give two examples
say for car insurance
that can totally be like leveraged you
could do 100 million dollars with car
insurance and you know be fine just
getting 50 million
of capital
the premium payments go to that capital
provider
and so like you know why do you want to
do this it's uncorrelated to the market
um so it allows
people pension funds funds
to have an uncorrelated asset you know
in their portfolio so
not every car is going to break down on
the same day you know not every car is
just going to break down because the
market is down nothing like that so it
allows for diversity and so for that
example like you said like not every car
is going to break down not every car is
going to get in a wreck
so it allows for
different risk tolerance
but let's say a hurricane
hurricane insurance whatever insurance
company
they go and they say hey i want to write
100 million dollars worth of florida
hurricane insurance
well the likelihood that
every claim happens is actually you know
much higher so they might go and find
actually 100 million dollars
they call this reinsurance reinsurance
is a 7 trillion dollar industry every
year um and so they go and find this
kind of matching piece
the person that puts up the capital
they're going to make probably more than
say they put up the capital for
something like car insurance and
they're going to earn those premiums but
if the hurricane happens who's on the
hook for paying out all those claims
well it's the capital provider so that
basically allows for this secondary
market to emerge and for people to have
this access to again uncorrelated to the
general market returns um and so we
think that's actually really
valuable in the crypto industry as well
because as you know
everything kind of goes together if
bitcoin's going down everything's kind
of going down with it
we were kind of scared like how are we
going to compete with these 19 returns
when we can only offer four to six
percent or you know maybe maybe a little
higher than that
but
knowing what people know now after you
know all the luna and terror stuff
happen
people are actually happy to have
opportunity to have something that's
uncorrelated a little more
safe and still get those guaranteed
returns if uh names has a bunch of
insurance funds or providers coming to
the platform to provide their services
what's the sort of protection level
against like a 50
market drop
my first answer that comes to mind is
just that it's all in the native terms
so
you know we're insuring one bitcoin
we're not ensuring the dollar value so
it really doesn't matter to us if the
market goes down 50
it might matter to the people that are
paying their premiums and they're
actually pretty happy if the market goes
down you know now that's a little
cheaper for them but you know overall
this idea of
it being in the crypto native terms is
how we're trying to step out of having
risk of volatility of you know market
prices so you guys are launching in
quarter four this year who do you
envision as sort of your first clients
are they going to be the bitcoin miners
and the validators
are they going to
be
like pension funds or anybody else
yeah i think definitely who is
interested first are people that want
crypto native cover so yes it will be
the bitcoin miners it will be cold
storage coverage uh just the classics
out there
but the hope is to to move on
much further past that so cyber
insurance
prime and svc you know really starting
with a few lines of business at first
and then we'll expand you know as we as
we go on so i noticed on the platform
there's already uh one
beta tester i assume that's not names so
what's your general feedback from your
first client or first user um and what's
the process been like iterating on the
information that they've provided you
guys yeah i think you know definitely
that that very first launch program
just that the price went up and they
were covered and everybody knew they
would get that amount that was really
that
proof of concept that we needed i think
otherwise
it's just education on both parts right
now we're trying to educate some of our
partners on you know what is a metamask
account you know what is metamask
institutional and how can we connect
them so that they can have all the
controls that they need for their
financial department to be happy
a lot of these people don't even have
crypto on their balance sheet so it's a
lot of education in that regard and then
yeah a lot of education back to us like
you know we think of something as being
like super simple and then they come
back and you know they have like five
pages of changes to our participation
agreement or you know whatever
agreements you have so it's just a lot
of learning and building right now and
going back and forth
some of our
partners are already in the crypto
insurance space so they're more like
direct to consumer so it's just learning
about what it is that they're doing we
had one partner who actually was
providing insurance for the stable coin
uh dpeg
and so i just was like asking them for
as much information as they would give
me like what happened how much was it
you know who all claimed so yeah we're
all learning together and i mentioned
this earlier like crypto you are
drinking from a fire hose you are just
trying to figure it out it's the same
right now with crypto insurance i also
went to my first insurance conference
recently
a lot more suits okay let me tell you
but you know they kind of picked on
cannabis and crypto the whole time that
was just the butt of the jokes that was
the only time people mentioned it and
it's just because in insurance they use
data they need information they need to
have a long tail of data to be able to
decide what the risk is and so they
don't have that in cannabis and they
don't have that in crypto so they just
kind of think of it as like haha new
kids on the block new technology um so
yeah we're all we're all working
together we're all trying to share
information that's so that we can get
you know more data yeah but obviously we
both think that
cryptocurrency and blockchain is going
to eat the traditional financial world
shorts so
is it almost as if you're just smiling
and and biting and waiting your time
when you're at these events my dad was
an insurance agent and he cannot fathom
what i do for a living doesn't
comprehend
yeah i mean well my my mom says i work
for bitcoin still so
we're getting there yeah i think you
know it's about education i mean i met
this guy he worked at progressive and
he's like oh this is a dumb question but
do you mind like telling me what a
wallet is i'm like i don't mind i've
told
thousands of people what a wallet is at
this point but i don't mind i don't mind
saying it again and i don't mind putting
it out there you know kind of to pick on
noise of london again
they're just so traditional they're so
caught up in the ways that they do their
business that they're not really going
to make these massive changes
but you know from that insurance
conference what i heard was like in
insurtech
automated underwriting automated claims
processes
all of that
blockchain will help them to just manage
this whole process you know more
transparently more clearly
another big piece for names of you know
what our value add is
is like say you're a capital provider in
the traditional world it's very hard to
get in and out of those positions
for us
those capital positions will be
tokenized and then you can trade it on
our platform so say the hurricane's off
the coast you can literally go in and
try to dump your position for a little
cheaper maybe someone thinks that the
hurricane's gonna turn and it's a good
deal so
it allows us to integrate some of the
tools we're not decentralized we are not
d5 but we use decentralized d5 tools to
help us to make a more efficient process
yeah i'm sure it clears up a lot of red
tape and just like signing like
literally being able to be like okay the
broker you need to sign this the claims
administrator you need to sign this like
everything is in one place so yeah it's
going to be hard at the beginning
there's going to be the educational
piece but it eventually it's going to be
really easy it's going to be like me
using my my card at the gas pump and
using my crypto but no one knows it's
the meme nobody knows i'm using my
crypto to pay for gas right now and do
you think that uh the insurance agent
industry will be able to adapt faster
than maybe the financial industry when
we're talking about like bitcoin
competing against swift as a payments
rail maybe i do think that you know i
did go to that specific insured tech
conference i do think they are trying to
be innovative they were talking about
hiring and how to attract younger people
insurance has a lot of like older people
in it and just having like automations
being innovative so i think they have
at least you know a hint of that in
their industry and they seem open to
changing i mean
insurance is changing all the time what
types of insurance people needs that
does change you know year from year you
see some insurance companies go out of
business new ones pop up so yeah i think
they will be
more
susceptible to it but at the same time
they're so intertwined in banks they're
banking relationships they're not going
to risk their banking relationship to do
one nft insurance project but eventually
they won't be able to ignore it anymore
cool
kind of wrapping up i wanted to shift
gears a little bit we were mentioning
before we started recording that i used
to work in the urban planning field and
demographics was
just something that we were very
cognizant of and i think
during the last bull run
you had this kind of expansion of the
types of folks and the focus on the
types of folks who were coming into the
blockchain space and
i think i noticed more
in the past year or two than in by the
five years i've been in crypto that
there's been more of a push for
increasing the diversity in the crypto
space
i have this theory that because
all our twitter profiles are pictures of
gifs and
16-bit images
and we're moving towards more of a
remote
sort of world
that you don't necessarily need to have
a physical identity anymore you can have
like a proof of work on github
so one of the themes i noticed a lot
last year was this increase in talking
about women in blockchain so i just want
to hear your anecdotal experience
what has that been like like has there
been a big change in the amount of
diversity whether it's women or
racial or ethnic in
crypto and in bitcoin in 2022 versus
when you first got in
what's just your general perception of
the topic the best thing about crypto is
that it is global
it doesn't have to deal with orders
people can have access to it all over
the world so i think just by
that alone
it's a hundred percent more diverse it
is a hundred percent more
accessible to
women all races
people in any country so i think yes
i've always seen it as that way and
that's actually been a big draw of it
for me
i always joke that crypto conferences
are the only place that the men's line
for the bathroom is longer than the
women's line
that's still the case so i don't think
it's you know hugely different but it's
because
we're dealing in mostly
finance and tech and those are male
dominated fields but i think crypto just
has a little bit more of like a
welcoming vibe it's a little bit more
like libertarian leaning
just you do you you can be anything you
want to be and you can come participate
in crypto and that's amazing i think the
development of
dalles and exactly what you're saying
like
you don't even have to be
a male or a female or black or white you
can just be
whatever you want to put out there you
know we work with people
in the shapeshift owl that
i met them at east denver and i was like
oh yeah you're a human behind you're
like cow avatar and you have a real name
and all these things but you know you
can participate and just kind of be
whatever you want to be so i think
that's amazing and it does it without
forced inclusion or forced diversity it
just has that opportunity
and yeah one thing i wanted to share on
this topic
i used to think about it more and i used
to
keep a little
page in my journal
of like every meeting that i would be in
where i was the only female in the room
i don't even know why i did it it was
kind of entertaining to me it just
it just helped me to kind of like
visualize it
say it out loud even if it was just to
myself
and yeah i mean that that was regular
and constant but you know it evolved
more and more the more people that came
into the company the more people that i
you know meet now
you do see a diverse group of people
i still make fun of companies that
they put their team all their pictures
on the website and it's all a bunch of
white dudes and suits like really like
really you guys can't hire any females
in leadership um yeah i just try to
elevate my female friends and and help
them and i'm a mentor to a few women in
the space and i meet with them regularly
and you know we talked through it
it's not this big thing that is like
weighing on us but it's definitely
something to address and something to be
like hey yeah i did notice that too i
was the only woman in the room for two
years and now it's changing
and then i have a really good friend who
i met from shape shift and we both have
executive roles now and we literally
just like geek out about that we
literally are just so proud of each
other and build each other up and when
we're being gaslit we kind of like check
in with each other like wait am i being
crazy am i this so that part i love
being able to support women and like
talk through the challenges or the
experiences that you might have
but otherwise i think crypto is an
inviting space and i think it's
available to anyone that wants to
participate like literally
i talk to my nieces and nephews and
young people and i'm like do you want to
work from home do you want to contribute
to like this new wave
of
the world it's not just new wave of
finance the new wave of the world
because you can did you notice that the
women's line was a little bit longer at
the bathrooms at the insurance
conference
no
it's the same there too
mostly guys
i love to take notes i love to journal
and i did write down like every badass
lady that was on a panel that i was like
oh okay they're great and they were
veterans in the insurance space so they
definitely have like this like
powerhouse of ladies you know being like
people ceos
of insurance companies and yeah i
definitely took note of that
followed them all on like twitter and
linkedin and i just try to get
inspiration from other ladies that have
paved the way yeah it's interesting
because before we started recording you
also mentioned you know this isn't a
topic i'm super well versed in but then
as you're talking
you were taking these notes and this has
subconsciously been a thing that you've
thought of yeah so
what is a great way to kind of expand
beyond this like sex first sex role
and really just kind of empower the
right people for the job because it
sounds like
you notice when there's women in an
executive role
but it almost also sounds like you and
your mind were like this is where i'm
going to end up like it's not even a
question totally yeah i mean i had a
path that i wanted to to go towards i
mean i noticed it because i am a woman i
notice it because
i like to build up my other lady friends
and you know i notice it because you
know you have been in a room where
you say your opinion
no one really
says anything the guy next to you says
the same thing you just said and people
are like oh my god what a great idea
so you know i you're right i did say
earlier like no it's not something i
think about but i do it is my experience
as a human being and yeah to your
question like you know what do we do i
think we just
look out for each other and make sure
that you're building people up if you
are
employing others
make sure that people are in the right
position for them to provide value to
your company and to grow themselves i
think that that's what's missing in a
lot of companies is like
don't just take from your employees try
try to give as well and i think that if
we just do that overall
you'll just kind of naturally get
more inclusion more diversity uh like
look out for people look out for your
friends build them up whether it's your
female friends or your male friends like
if they're speaking at a conference like
go support them go be their biggest fan
and their cheerleader i think just
continuing that mindset crypto it seems
kind of easy to like make people think
that way they're already on the fringe
they're already kind of
they don't have so many preconceived
notions so i think
yeah it's just a great space for that
just to naturally develop awesome and if
somebody hears this guy or girl and they
want to reach out to you and just pick
your brain or learn a little bit more
about what you're doing at names or just
learn more from an og in the space
what's the best way they can get in
contact with you yeah hit me up on
twitter at danny wall with three
underscores at the end and yeah please
come check out names we are growing and
building and trying to learn and so
anyone that's interested or in the
insurance or reinsurance space and wants
to talk i would love to hear from you so
yeah hit me up on twitter i'm on
linkedin too but crypto twitter that's
the best
absolutely thank you so much for coming
to join the smart economy podcast danny
it's been awesome to get to know you
over the years and meet up at the the
various communities you've already
spoken about it was an honor and a
pleasure to have you join the podcast
thank you so much for having me i
literally could have talked for another
like three hours so i hope i hope what
we got was good
yeah we got some great content um but i
look forward to chatting with you for
three hours the next time we see each
other in person perfect see you soon
well what did you think of that
conversation
it was really interesting to hear
firsthand about the shifts and
perspectives across the crypto space
from 2014 through today
it was also nice to learn more about the
iterations that shapeshift has made
along with the changes in blockchain
technology
such as the advent of ethereum and the
launch of thor chain
and it was refreshing to hear that danny
doesn't mind sharing the blockchain 101
with counterparts in her new industry as
the insurance space strives to innovate
with that i want to thank you so much
for taking the time to listen to the
smart economy podcast
if you liked what you heard and want to
support the show
please keep neo news today in mind when
voting for your neo council
representative as part of neo's
governance process
we appreciate you and look forward to
catching you next time